docs(health-check): more notes (#4105)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/health-check.md

Health Check of APISIX is based on [lua-resty-healthcheck](https://github.com/Kong/lua-resty-healthcheck),
you can use it for upstream.

Note:

* We only start the health check when the upstream is hit by a request.
There won't be any health check if an upstream is configured but isn't in used.

> * If there is not healthy node can be chosen, we will continue to access the upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If there is no healthy node can be chosen, we will continue to access the upstream.
```

* We won't start the health check when the upstream only has one node, as we will access

> it whether this unique node is healthy or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it no matter this unique node is healthy or not.
```

Author: `whether ... or not` is equal to `no matter`.
